Update manual testing of DG (#271)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-T09-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

### Adding a contact

1. A contact can be added from any page.

   1. Test case: `add_contact n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/311, Clementi Ave 2, #02-25 t/vendors t/clients`<br>
      Expected: Contact named John Doe with the respective details created, provided that there is no contact named John Doe or has the phone number 98765432. Returns back to home page.

>    1. Test case: `add_contact n/John &nbsp;&nbsp; Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/311, Clementi Ave 2, #02-25 t/vendors t/clients`<br>

Reviewer: It is printed as `&nbsp;`.  Maybe we can find a different way to show the double whitespace.

   1. Prerequisites: Be on the home screen using the `home` command. Contact list should be displayed in the middle.

   1. Test cases and expected outcomes are similar to the previous case.

1. Deleting a contact after selecting an event

   1. Prerequisites: Be on the selected event page using the `select_event x` command in which x represents an integer that is smaller than or equal to the event list size. Multiple contacts in the list of contacts linked to the event.

   1. Test cases and expected outcomes are similar to the previous case except for that the index is based on the currently displayed contact list associated to the selected event.

> 4. Deleting a contact on other pages causes an error since the contact list is not being displayed.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps change this to a note box instead?

Author: good suggestion!

   1. Test case: `find_contact alex`<br>
      Expected: All contacts with the name containing `alex` are filtered and shown. Command success status message shown with the number of contacts listed (can be 0 if no valid contacts found).

   1. Test case: `find_contact`<br>
      Expected: Error details shown in the status message.

   1. Other incorrect find contact commands to try: `find_contact @`, `...`<br>
      Expected: Similar to previous.

1. Finding contacts while on the home page

   1. Prerequisites: Be on the home screen using the `home` command. Contact list should be displayed in the middle.

   1. Test cases and expected outcomes are similar to the previous case.

1. Finding contacts after selecting an event

   1. Prerequisites: Be on the selected event page using the `select_event x` command in which x represents an integer that is smaller than or equal to the event list size. Multiple contacts in the list of contacts linked to the event.

   1. Test cases and expected outcomes are similar to the previous case except for that only contacts in the currently displayed contact list linked to the selected event will be filtered.

> 4. Finding contacts on other pages causes an error since the contact list is not being displayed.

Reviewer 2: Same as previous comment

### Filtering contacts by tag
1. Filtering contacts while all contacts are being shown

   1. Prerequisites: List all contacts using the `view_contacts` command. Multiple contacts in the list.

   2. Test case: `filter_by_tag vendors`<br>
      Expected: All contacts with the tag `vendors` are shown. Command success status message shown with the number of contacts listed (can be 0 if no valid contacts found).

   3. Test case: `filter_by_tag vendors customers`<br>
      Expected: All contacts with the tag `vendors` and all contacts with the tag `customers` are shown. Command success status message shown with the number of contacts listed (can be 0 if no valid contacts found).

   4. Test case: `filter_by_tag`<br>
      Expected: Error details shown in the status message.

   5. Other incorrect filter contact commands to try: `filter_by_tag @`, `...`
      Expected: Similar to previous.

2. Filtering contacts while on the home page

   1. Prerequisites: Be on the home screen using the `home` command. Contact list should be displayed in the middle.

   1. Test cases and expected outcomes are similar to the previous case.

3. Filtering contacts after selecting an event

>    1. Prerequisites: Be on the selected event page using the `select_event x` command in which x represents a positive integer that is smaller than or equal to the event list size. Multiple contacts in the list of contacts linked to the event.

Reviewer 2: perhaps could state x in `select_event x` refers to index of the list displayed instead?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisites: Be on the selected event page using the `select_event x` command in which x represents a positive integer that is smaller than or equal to the event list size. There must be contacts linked to the event.
```

   1. Test cases and expected outcomes are similar to the previous case except for that only contacts in the currently displayed contact list linked to the selected event will be filtered.

4. Filtering contacts on other pages causes an error since the contact list is not being displayed.

### Adding an event

> 

Reviewer 2: perhaps could write here that adding of event can be done on any page to sync with other features

3. Deleting an event after selecting an event

   1. Prerequisites: Be on the selected event page using the `select_event x` command in which x represents an integer that is smaller than or equal to the event list size.

   2. Test cases and expected outcomes are similar to the previous case except for that the index is based on the currently displayed event list.

4. Deleting an event on other pages causes an error since the event list is not being displayed.

### Linking contacts to an event

1. Linking contacts to an event

   1. Prerequisites: At least one event and one contact are already existing in JobFestGo.

   2. Test case: `link ev/NUS Career Fest c/Alice Black`<br>
      Expected: Contact `Alice Black` is linked to the event `NUS Career Fest`. Command success status message shown.

   3. Test case: `link ev/NUS Career Fest c/Alice Black c/David Li`<br>
      Expected: Contact `Alice Black` and contact `David Li` are linked to the event `NUS Career Fest`. Command success status message shown.

   4. Test case: `link`<br>
     Expected: Error details shown in the status message with no operation performed.

### Unlinking contacts from an event

> Similar to `link` command except for that the command word is `unlink` and the expected result is opposite.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similar to `link` command except that the command word is `unlink` and the expected result is opposite.
```

   1. Prerequisites: At the home page using the `home` command. Multiple events in the list.

   1. Test cases and expected outcomes are similar to the previous case.

1. Selecting an event after selecting an event

   1. Prerequisites: Be on the selected event page using the `select_event x` command in which x represents a positive integer that is smaller than or equal to the event list size.

   1. Test cases and expected outcomes are similar to the previous case.

> 4. Selecting~~~~ an event on other pages causes an error since the event list is not being displayed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Selecting an event on other pages causes an error since the event list is not being displayed.
```

Reviewer 2: perhaps include for selecting event when page is on view_events?

   2. Test case: `add_task td/Book Venue d/2024-10-10`<br>
       Expected: No task is added. Error details shown in the status message.

   3. Other incorrect add task commands to try: `add_task`, `add_task td/Book Venue d/2024-10-10 ev/`<br>
       Expected: Similar to previous.

### Deleting a task

1. A task can be deleted from any page.

   1. Test case: `delete_task td/Book Venue ev/NUS Career Fair 2024`<br>
       Expected: Book Venue task is deleted to NUS Career Fair 2024 event. Command success status message shown. Goes the respective event page and displays the tasks of the event on the right.

   2. Test case: `delete_task td/Book Venue`<br>
       Expected: No task is deleted. Error details shown in the status message.

   3. Other incorrect add task commands to try: `delete_task`, `delete_task ev/NUS Career Fair 2024`<br>
       Expected: Similar to previous.

<box type="info" seamless>

**Note:** If the task has a due date in the next 3 days or is overdue, then the task will appear under the 'Task Due' section of the home page.

</box>

### Marking a task

1. A task can be marked from any page.

   1. Test case: `mark_task td/Book Venue ev/NUS Career Fair 2024`<br>

>       Expected: Book Venue task of NUS Career Fair 2024 event is marked as completed. Command success status message shown. Goes the respective event page and displays the tasks of the event on the right.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Expected: Book Venue task of NUS Career Fair 2024 event is marked as completed. Command success status message shown. Goes to the respective event page and displays the tasks of the event on the right.
```

   2. Test case: `mark_task td/Book Venue`<br>
      Expected: No task is marked. Error details shown in the status message.

   3. Other incorrect add task commands to try: `mark_task`, `mark_task ev/NUS Career Fair 2024`<br>
      Expected: Similar to previous.

### Unmarking a task

1. A task can be unmarked from any page.

   1. Test case: `unmark_task td/Book Venue ev/NUS Career Fair 2024`<br>

>       Expected: Book Venue task of NUS Career Fair 2024 event is marked as not completed. Command success status message shown. Goes the respective event page and displays the tasks of the event on the right.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Expected: Book Venue task of NUS Career Fair 2024 event is marked as not completed. Command success status message shown. Goes to the respective event page and displays the tasks of the event on the right.
```
